feat(openid-connect): allow set headers in introspection request (#11090)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/openid-connect.md

| cache_segment | string | False |  |  | Optional name of a cache segment, used to separate and differentiate caches used by token introspection or JWT verification. |
| introspection_interval | integer | False | 0 |  | TTL of the cached and introspected access token in seconds. |
| introspection_expiry_claim | string | False |  |  | Name of the expiry claim, which controls the TTL of the cached and introspected access token. The default value is 0, which means this option is not used and the plugin defaults to use the TTL passed by expiry claim defined in `introspection_expiry_claim`. If `introspection_interval` is larger than 0 and less than the TTL passed by expiry claim defined in `introspection_expiry_claim`, use `introspection_interval`. |

> | introspection_addon_headers | string[] | False |  |  | Array of strings. Used in Append extras headers to the introspection http request, If configured header not exist in origin request, it will be ignore. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| introspection_addon_headers | string[] | False |  |  | Array of strings. Used to append additional header values to the introspection HTTP request. If the specified header does not exist in origin request, value will not be appended. |
```
